************************************************************
************************************************************

	Histology Windows Mouse and Keyboard Actions

************************************************************
************************************************************  

LEFT, RIGHT, and MIDDLE refer to the mouse buttons.

			    HELP
h, H, CONTROL-h or CONTROL-H will create a information
window with this file in it.

If a window is not responsive, first verify that the CAPS LOCK 
is not ON. Otherwise, try executing the function (UNSTICK-WINDOWS).

			    MENU
CONTROL-m will create a menu for revising various parameters
of the window.

			  DESTROY
CONTROL-d will destroy the selected window or all histology
windows (after prompting for verification).

CONTROL-D will destroy the selected window immediately.

Avoid destroying any Surf-Hippo window with the X window
manager.

			   PRINT
CONTROL-p will prompt for printing the selected window (and
the other output windows).

		       CHOOSE ELEMENT
LEFT will pick the closest soma or segment and print the
name and xy coordinates in the upper left hand corner. For
segments, this will identify the segment whose distal node
is closest to the mouse.

RIGHT will pick the closest soma and print its name and xy
coordinates in the upper left hand corner. This may be
convenient when a soma is surrounded by a lot of segments.

CONTROL-SHIFT-LEFT will give a menu for various
manipulations and examinations of the last soma or segment
chosen by the LEFT mouse action, if there was one. This menu
allows enabling/disabling plotting for all the plottable
variables associated with the chosen circuit node,
adding/removing various components, such as channels,
sources, and synapses, and output of element and node
parameters. Depending on the simulation, other options may
also be available.

			    ZOOM
CONTROL-LEFT will give a resizable rectangle for zooming to
a new window.

CONTROL-f will remove the oldest marker (zoom-rectangle or
cross-hair) that is visible.

CONTROL-l will remove the latest marker (zoom-rectangle or
cross-hair) that is visible.

CONTROL-A will remove all the markers (zoom-rectangle or
cross-hair).

		   CROSS HAIR and MARKER
MIDDLE will put a cross hair on the window which can then be
moved around - When the middle mouse button is released the
xy coordinates of the last location of the cross hair is
displayed in microns. If there was a previous point so
delineated, or if a cell node was pointed out (mouse LEFT),
then the length in microns between the current and last
points is shown. If the window has been resized, the cross
hair result will not be correct until the window has been
redrawn.

CONTROL-MIDDLE will prompt for placing a small cross marker,
with optional label, at the last point that was selected
with the cross hairs. This menu also allows for other
editing options, such as removing the cross if you just want
the text. These markers may be removed, or their fonts
changed, via the main drawing menu (CONTROL-m), "Edit
element graphics" option. The labels may also be edited
directly by clicking the left mouse button on the text.

			   ABORT
CONTROL-g is the generic abort command. For example, when
zooming or locating a cross hair, keyboard keys that invoked
the command may be released while moving the mouse as long
as the mouse button is pressed. Hitting CONTROL-g *before*
releasing the mouse button will abort the operation.

			  COMMENT
CONTROL-t will prompt for a single line comment in that is
printed in the lower right corner of the window. This can
also be used to erase any comment that is in either the
lower or upper right corner of the selected window.

CONTROL-e will erase any comment in the upper right hand
corner (e.g. cross-hair coordinates).

			 ALIGNMENT
CONTROL-a will allow alignment of other windows to the
selected window.

		       MISCELLANEOUS
If menus are buried under other windows, hitting CONTROL-q
over any info, plot or histology window will deiconify and
raise any active menus.
