************************************************************
************************************************************

	Plot Windows Mouse and Keyboard Actions

************************************************************
************************************************************

LEFT, RIGHT, and MIDDLE refer to the mouse buttons.

			    HELP
h, H, CONTROL-h or CONTROL-H will create a information
window with this file in it.

If a window is not responsive, first verify that the CAPS LOCK 
is not ON. Otherwise, try executing the function (UNSTICK-WINDOWS).

			    MENU
CONTROL-m will create a main plot menu for revising various
parameters of the selected plot.

			  DESTROY
CONTROL-d will destroy the selected window (after prompting
for verification).

CONTROL-D will destroy the selected window immediately.

Avoid destroying any Surf-Hippo window with the X window
manager.

			   PRINT
CONTROL-p will prompt for printing the selected window (and
the others).

			   REPLOT
R will replot the window.

CONTROL-RIGHT (restore) will replot the original (unzoomed)
view. 

			    ZOOM
CONTROL-LEFT will give a resizable rectangle for zooming.

CONTROL-SHIFT-LEFT will give a resizable rectangle for
zooming to a new window.

RIGHT (unzoom) will replot at the last zoom view.

		   CROSS HAIR and MARKER
MIDDLE will put a cross hair on the window which can then be
moved around by the mouse, with the current coordinates
updated in the upper right corner, in the units of the data
in the window. If there was a previous point marked on the
window, then the slope between that point and the current
one is also displayed. Normally, when the middle mouse
button is released the xy coordinates of the last location
of the cross hair is displayed in the units of the window
data and the cross hair will remain. If CONTROL-g is typed
while the middle mouse button is held down, then the cross
hair will be removed. *NOTE* If the window has been resized,
the cross hair result will not be correct until the window
has been replotted/redrawn (e.g. for a data plot, doing a
Restore (CONTROL-RIGHT)). If the window is a HISTOLOGY or
BUILDER window, then the length between the current and last
points is shown.

CONTROL-MIDDLE will prompt for placing and editing a small
cross marker, with optional label, at the any points that
were selected with the cross hairs. This menu also allows
for other editing options, such as removing the cross if you
just want the text. The labels may also be edited directly
by clicking the left mouse button on the text.

CONTROL-f will remove the oldest zoom-rectangle or
cross-hair that is visible.

CONTROL-l will remove the newest zoom-rectangle or
cross-hair that is visible.

CONTROL-A will remove all the zoom-rectangles and markers.

CONTROL-e will erase any pointer comment (e.g. cross-hair
coordinates).

			   ABORT
CONTROL-g, when invoked by itself, will toggle a grid on the
plot. This may also be specified in the main plot menu
below. Otherwise, CONTROL-g is the generic abort command.
For example, when zooming or locating a cross hair, keyboard
keys that invoked the command may be released while moving
the mouse as long as the mouse button is pressed. Hitting
CONTROL-g *before* releasing the mouse button will abort the
operation.

		     COMMENT and TITLE
CONTROL-t gives a menu for adding/removing comments and
titles on windows. Window text can be edited directly on the
window by clicking the the left mouse on the text to start
editing (typical emacs commands) and clicking with the mouse
again to exit.

		       LINES and GRID
CONTROL-b will prompt for drawing a straight line on the
plot.

CONTROL-B will prompt for destroying or editing any added
straight lines on the plot.

CONTROL-G, will create a menu for a grid on the plot. This
menu may also be accessed via the main plot menu below.

			    LOCK
CONTROL-L will toggle a lock on a plotting window which when
set prevents that window from being used for subsequent
plots. If CONTROL-L is activated on a non-locked window,
then the lock is set. If the lock is already set, a menu
will verify that you want to unlock the window.

		    SAVE and ERASE DATA
CONTROL-s will prompt for saving the selected window to a
Lisp file, allowing easy editing and re-creation of plots.

CONTROL-T gives a menu for saving selected traces to file.

CONTROL-E will erase the data stored in a (standard) plot
window, but not the displayed image. This may be useful if
there are a lot of plots and memory is getting tight. While
a window whose data has been erased may be printed and
examined with the cross hairs, zooming, unzooming,
restoring, or other rescaling will not be possible.

			 ALIGNMENT
CONTROL-a will allow alignment of other windows to the
selected window.

		       MISCELLANEOUS
r will resurrect the window (not replot).

If menus are buried under other windows, hitting CONTROL-q
over any info, plot or histology window will deiconify and
raise any active menus.


